[MUSIC]
>> Brian Lonsdorf: For exercise two,
we basically wanna do what we did up here.
We wanna return a right or
a left based on the fact,
if our length is greater than three, so
it's like a validation, if our length
is greater than three we will return
a right otherwise we'll return a left.
Okay.
So We're going to return to right or
left and
the left says it should
have this message in it.
So my test passed.
Okay.
That part's done.
And the right says it should have x in it.
Okay.
That is easy enough.
Now what I wanna do?
I want to check if the length
is greater than three,
I am going to return to the right.
Okay.
So if x is the length,
greater than three, Cool.
I had trouble.
>> Speaker 2: I had to put in parenthesis,
the precedence was weird.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Thank you.
>> Speaker 2: Screwed you up for a while.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Sorry about that one.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: We could have done
a if else too.
But, there we go, exercise two passed.
So all we did was write a validation
that returned a right or
left, which is going to affect the rest
of our whole app from this point on.
If they're not valid, it won't run.
Now exercise three,
this one is pretty fun.
We're going to save these, and
we'll see a console.log saved.
Otherwise we won't, we wanna do, I don't
know if this was a weird one or not.
So we're gonna call this string or
call the it's our function
above we wanna use exercise
two that we wrote ourself to see if
their length is greater in three or not.
Okay, so
save them if it's greater than three.
That's easy enough.
Save over ex2, and the reason is
because ex2 will return to right or
left if it's greater than three,
and then we'll save them or
we won't based on that return to right or
left.
So we just kind of extended our
computation to save if the validation was,
we've done a validation here and
it'll save or it won't.
I know I'm going really fast over these,
but
are you guys kind of hanging in there or
you just like, god what's going on?
How are we feeling at this point?
I'm going really fast to
try to make up some time.
Are you all right?
All right.
You guys okay?
I mean like if someone is like,
please help me, I will help you.
[LAUGH] I'm not going
to just run through it.
So, let me know.
All right moving it.
So last three, my god,
exercise four just ask
us to get the texts.
What is that gonna do?
This one's interesting.
Okay, this is IO.
So what do we do for IO?
Let's spend a little bit
more time on this one.
We are going to,
it's gonna do this query selector, right?
GetValue will do the query selector and
return me the value.
So I wanna get the value from this text
input and then I wanna strip the spaces.
Okay?
Well just like always, we'll get our
value and that returns us an I O.
So I have to map strip spaces over it.
At this point you should be like, this
guy is just doing the same junk over and
over again.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Did it not work?
Did I spell it wrong?
Spaces, here it is.
But the beauty in that, is map is so
generic that the type of container you
put it in, you get different behaviors and
it's very useful.
So now this is a pure function
that I have to run IO.
If I don't ever run it,
I never get anything out, totally fine.
I get an IO with this whatever
IO balance out of it.
It's kind of weird.
>> Speaker 2: Is that is that in
the output tab that's it's reading from?
Is it reading from an actual text?
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Yeah,
it's reading from these texts boxes.
>> Speaker 2: [CROSSTALK] looking things
from a map but
it's really from a text book now.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Yeah, it's pretty neat.
So it's purely reading from that,
and we have to tell it,
man you've gotta run IO,
to actually kick this thing off.
And that's cool because that means we
could write our full app without worrying
about anything, and it'll just return,
we can just map and
do other stuff to it and it's totally
fine till the end where we kick it off.
We push those dominoes.